hi everyone this is have enough from
phone bunch and today we are going to
tell you how to install Android 5.0
lollipop update for your you Eureka now
this is the official cyanogen OS 12 OTA
update that we have downloaded and
manually installed on the device we are
going to tell you how to do that my
warranty won't be void you will receive
future updates from cyanogen by
installing this OTA update now this is
the cm-12 update over-the-air which is
being rolled out right now in india so
if you haven't got the update it's very
simple to install it on your device now
the little time that are spent with the
OTA update for the you eureka it
actually performs quite well there's a
bit of strata here in there but deserves
an in-depth look so what you need to do
here are the instructions you need to
download the OTA update file which is
about 650 mb you will have the link in
the description as well as on phone
wench comm there's a step-by-step
procedure available there as well so
once you have downloaded that file you
need to save it to your SD card or
internal storage there you see the file
right there cm 12s and the build number
so once you are done with that power of
your device then you need to press both
the volume rockers up and down together
as well as the power button your phone
will vibrate and start booting up so
leave all of the three buttons together
and it will enter cyanogen OS recovery
once there you can use the volume rocker
to move up and down and you can press
the power button to select select apply
update then select choose from internal
storage or choose from sdcard
wherever you have placed the update file
once there select zero slash if you are
on the internal storage
select the file press the power button I
won't do that since I have already done
that once and the phone will start
installing the update you will see the
android logo after the installation is
complete you will come back to the
recovery screen again just move into
wipe cache a partition press power
button to select it will take some time
to clear the cache a and once that is
done you will again enter this mode I
just press reboot system now the phone
will reboot it will again take quite a
long while depending
how many apps you have installed and
he'll boot into cyanogen OS twelve based
on Android 5.0 lollipop so you can see
right here we have booted again now
overall performance was pretty smooth
there's a bit of lag sometimes then you
can change the battery power mode to
performance now can see the new material
design makeover here is your
notification shade all your settings
right here as well now with the new
update apps are moveable to the SD card
you can see it right here
we'll check if app data is also movable
I can see right there I have put in a
USB or digi storage and it has been
detected
so USB OTG is still supported on the
device I'll play a 1080p video for you
and video playback is slightly started
over here so we'll definitely check out
how this phone performs in our in-depth
review again I ran some benchmarks we
got 17 to do 9 on quadrant and 28 8 3 5
on an to do now these are quite a bit
lower than with Android KitKat now with
Android lollipop you also have the
option of user profiles you have priety
interruptions mode available right here
as well well folks that was our quick
tutorial on how to get the official OTA
update installed on your you Yuri cough
with Android lollipop cyanogen OS 12 if
you have any questions with us in the
comment section do with that subscribe
and like button for detailed
instructions just head to the link in
description thanks for watching and as
always have a great day